You are not qualified to wear this dress.
Brother Ye, what do you mean?
Is it me that I'm sorry for you?
You're going to use what I gave you
Come hit my woman in the face
Are you crazy?
Come on, I'll take you to try on this dress
In addition, I have prepared another surprise for you.
Brother Ye, what's wrong?
It's all that cheap woman Yan Ruxue
Confused Brother Ye
Qianqian, we don't care about this shit dress
I'll send you a better-looking set when I have time.
Brother Chen, you are so kind
A brother can only be nice to me
He can't be nice to this bitch
Cher, give me your hand
Here you go.
Such a beautiful woman
It should have belonged to me, Ye Chen
Hey Qianqian
The ring and the necklace
It seemed to be prepared for you
You can't give him a brother
Why not? Why not?
What is the matter with you